Added a lot of spelling fixes in the English documentation (#1350)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/admin/optional/object-storage-proxy.md

description: Serving user-uploaded files in Mastodon from your own domain
---

When you are using Mastodon with an object storage provider like Amazon S3, Wasabi, Google Cloud or others, by default the URLs of the files go through the storage providers themselves. This has the following downsides:

- Bandwidth is usually metered and very expensive
- URLs will be broken if you decide to switch providers later

> You can instead serve the files from your own domain, caching them in the process. Access patterns on Mastodon are such that **new files are usually accessed simultaneously by a lot of clients** as new posts stream in through the streaming API or as they get distributed through federation; older content is accessed comparatively rarely. For that reason, caching alone would not reduce the bandwidth consumed by your proxy from the actual object storage. To mitigate this, we can use a **cache lock** mechanism that ensures that only one proxy request is made at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to serve the files from your own domain, incorporating caching in the process. In Mastodon, access patterns show that new files are often simultaneously accessed by many clients as they appear in new posts via the streaming API or are shared through federation; in contrast, older content is accessed less frequently. Therefore, relying solely on caching won't significantly reduce the bandwidth usage of your proxy from the actual object storage. To address this, we can implement a cache lock mechanism, which ensures that only one proxy request is made at a time.
```
